all right how's it going YouTube um
little video here my Big Bear yeah my
this is the oldest machine ever okay
this is 24 years old and it's still
running great I will love this thing um
it is mine it used to be my father's now
it's mine
well it's still my dad's but you know I
just took it from cuz he got a big Suki
King quad and I said your wife that
frickin if I got he's got one mine mine
gets all crappy I'm taking that one so
that's why I said to him um mainly um
great um something's wrong with the
starter solenoid or the starter I'm not
sure oh yeah here's my formulas yeah I
hate it blew the clutch on it um it's a
uh last time I was riding it was a few
weeks ago or no week ago and uh hopped
on it why did you go but nothing
happened um I need a new ball joint for
the front that's suckish um got a back
rack it's a 1987 Yamaha big bear it's
always in four-wheel drive
it has reverse um I got these Scott
grips on it ernõ nuts got moose racing
grips on it
pretty pretty grippy I mean can't spin
them I got a little you know normal
lights and then I got this really loud
car horn so now I got that light um
actually
see last summer I was riding it and that
light doesn't work because it's burnt
out look what happened to the wire it
got freed the rubber started on fire it
started a fire under the gas tank like
right next to the cylinder like crazy
and I'm like cinema fate so I run I'm
just about going in my house cuz we were
done for riding that day I'm like fire
fire so then it's my big bear umm I love
it
cream machine